README.md, before:

# Groceries
Groceries inventory application

Spring Boot Maven HEB Interview Project

Developer II Programming Challenge www.heb.com/careers


REQUIREMENTS: Create a simple spring framework with a UI, API, and database that 
you can search for products. Given the following CSV file that contains 20 grocery 
products, create an application that will search and find products using any criteria.

• Given 20 products create a database of products (examples are: mongoDB, 
mySQL, Oracle DB)

• Create an application using Spring Framework

• Application should be secure with no vulnerability of simple SQL injection

• Application should have a UI with a basic header, footer, search box, and 
table that will display the products returned by the search.

• Do not use third-party search algorithms

• Product can be searched by multiple criteria

CSV File Contents:

ID,Description,lastSold,ShelfLife,Department, Price ,Unit,xFor, Cost
753542,banana,9/5/2017,4d,Produce, $2.99 ,lb,1, $0.44
321654,apples,9/6/2017,7d,Produce, $1.49 ,lb,1, $0.20
95175,Strawberry,9/7/2017,3d,Produce, $2.49 ,lb,1, $0.10
321753,onion,9/8/2017,9d,Produce, $1.00 ,Each,1, $0.05
987654,Tomato,9/9/2017,4d,Produce, $2.35 ,lb,1, $0.20
11122,grapes,9/10/2017,7d,Produce, $4.00 ,lb,1, $1.20
124872,Lettuce,9/11/2017,5d,Produce, $0.79 ,lb,1, $0.10
113,bread,9/12/2017,14d,Grocery, $1.50 ,Each,1, $0.12
1189,hamburger buns,9/13/2017,14d,Grocery, $1.75 ,Each,1, $0.14
12221,pasta sauce,9/14/2017,23d,Grocery, $3.75 ,Each,1, $1.00
1111,cheese slices,9/15/2017,20d,Grocery, $2.68 ,Each,1, $0.40
18939,sliced turkey,9/16/2017,20d,Grocery, $3.29 ,Each,1, $0.67
90879,tortilla chips,9/17/2017,45d,Grocery, $1.99 ,Each,1, $0.14
119290,cereal,9/18/2017,40d,Grocery, $3.19 ,Each,1, $0.19
4629464,canned vegtables,9/19/2017,200d,Grocery, $1.89 ,Each,1, $0.19
9000001,headache medicine,9/20/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $4.89 ,Each,1, $1.90
9000002,Migraine Medicine,9/21/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $5.89 ,Each,1, $1.90
9000003,Cold and Flu,9/22/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $3.29 ,Each,1, $1.90
9000004,Allegry Medicine,9/23/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $3.00 ,Each,1, $1.25
9000005,Pain,9/24/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $2.89 ,Each,1, $1.00

Bonus: Extra credit provided for a responsive website with a well-designed UI/UX

Commit message:

Added some information about the project database and users.

README.md, after:

# Groceries
Groceries inventory application

Spring Boot Maven HEB Interview Project

Developer II Programming Challenge www.heb.com/careers

This project has a data directory with two files, ProductScheme.txt and UserScheme.txt. This files are to be used to create the databases needed for the sample application. The project uses a mysql database running on port 3306.

The "UserScheme.txt" file will create two valid users. One will have full access to the site while the second will only be able to log in, but not be able to reach the merchndise management screen

1st User: skubrick   password: HAL      Limited Permissions
2nd User: tbatey     password: jungle   Full Access

REQUIREMENTS: Create a simple spring framework with a UI, API, and database that 
you can search for products. Given the following CSV file that contains 20 grocery 
products, create an application that will search and find products using any criteria.

• Given 20 products create a database of products (examples are: mongoDB, 
mySQL, Oracle DB)

• Create an application using Spring Framework

• Application should be secure with no vulnerability of simple SQL injection

• Application should have a UI with a basic header, footer, search box, and 
table that will display the products returned by the search.

• Do not use third-party search algorithms

• Product can be searched by multiple criteria

CSV File Contents:

ID,Description,lastSold,ShelfLife,Department, Price ,Unit,xFor, Cost
753542,banana,9/5/2017,4d,Produce, $2.99 ,lb,1, $0.44
321654,apples,9/6/2017,7d,Produce, $1.49 ,lb,1, $0.20
95175,Strawberry,9/7/2017,3d,Produce, $2.49 ,lb,1, $0.10
321753,onion,9/8/2017,9d,Produce, $1.00 ,Each,1, $0.05
987654,Tomato,9/9/2017,4d,Produce, $2.35 ,lb,1, $0.20
11122,grapes,9/10/2017,7d,Produce, $4.00 ,lb,1, $1.20
124872,Lettuce,9/11/2017,5d,Produce, $0.79 ,lb,1, $0.10
113,bread,9/12/2017,14d,Grocery, $1.50 ,Each,1, $0.12
1189,hamburger buns,9/13/2017,14d,Grocery, $1.75 ,Each,1, $0.14
12221,pasta sauce,9/14/2017,23d,Grocery, $3.75 ,Each,1, $1.00
1111,cheese slices,9/15/2017,20d,Grocery, $2.68 ,Each,1, $0.40
18939,sliced turkey,9/16/2017,20d,Grocery, $3.29 ,Each,1, $0.67
90879,tortilla chips,9/17/2017,45d,Grocery, $1.99 ,Each,1, $0.14
119290,cereal,9/18/2017,40d,Grocery, $3.19 ,Each,1, $0.19
4629464,canned vegtables,9/19/2017,200d,Grocery, $1.89 ,Each,1, $0.19
9000001,headache medicine,9/20/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $4.89 ,Each,1, $1.90
9000002,Migraine Medicine,9/21/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $5.89 ,Each,1, $1.90
9000003,Cold and Flu,9/22/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $3.29 ,Each,1, $1.90
9000004,Allegry Medicine,9/23/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $3.00 ,Each,1, $1.25
9000005,Pain,9/24/2017,365d,Pharmacy, $2.89 ,Each,1, $1.00

Bonus: Extra credit provided for a responsive website with a well-designed UI/UX
